Hello everybody. Brian here from
quantabsnet.com.
What I'm about to show you is pretty
incredible. I've uh come up with a new
way to deploy strategies. We go through
a phase which is better than back
testing. Um, and once all a series of
bots proved to be profitable after a day
or two, you can then deploy them in real
trading environments against live money.
So, let me show you what I'm uh
referring to here. Okay. So, in here,
um, I've been running, uh, a bunch of,
uh, bots here. So, this is just one
example. You can see them spanned out
across this uh PowerShell window.
There's about 12 of them been running
since Thursday night. And um you know,
it's all great and all. Somebody want to
see that. Um so, let me just show you
what I've pretty well got. Okay, so
we've got a bunch of PDFs and with the
magic of uh AI, I'm able to um generally
see how the bots are doing with their
logs,
text files that they generate. There's
again 12 of them since two nights ago.
And I'm going to show you how and which
ones are best performing. So, I have an
overall comparison of all of the bots
available uh that have been running. And
um you can see the periods here from
February 4th uh to the 26.
Um and that's all cool. So, let's go
through this and I'm going to go through
each detail. I'm just going to show you
the best performing bots. So, here we
can measure on a variety of things. So,
these some of the bots. Okay. So, we
have a Brent Crew geopolitical risk
premium bot. This one is supposed to be
the most profitable stable coin uh peg
arbitrage. This Ethereum uh stake
staking premium capture. This one's the
most profitable. It's an XRP short
squeeze. Uh we also have um gold silver
ratio bot, copper aluminum spread, VIX
call spread. We also have a few um
Bitcoin bots breakout and ATR. And then
we have an intraday futures uh bot as
well. And I just want to show you just
generally which ones are most
profitable. Uh there's some other things
you may want to uh be uh watch for
throughout this video. Um just because I
have another report that will show show
you which trending styles are the best.
So this one is the uh breakthrough
goes through the orders. So some of them
don't have a lot of trades. maybe one
trade. Um there's a couple of other ones
like the uh I think this is the stable
coin one. Yeah. So this is the uh USDT
arbitrage. Let me see if I have that
available. So let me just go through
this. These are available if you take a
trial of my qua analytics. So here's the
metrics for uh the XRP. So it's only
been running for a few hours today. It's
already up $13,000.
rate of return at uh 28%. So this is the
shortest running bot uh today only and
it's pretty incredible when you look at
profit factor 4.54 sharp ratio 2.84
win ratio right now is a 50%
um and so on. Okay, there's uh this one
which has been doing very well. This
one's I started last night 13,000 uh
dollars
um which is um the XRP
squeeze bot. So this is running on uh
CME. Okay, this is a big winner, one
stopout. So those are the top two
winners. Um so oddly enough, even though
there's bad news in crypto, uh I did put
up a putting breakdown on on this spot
as well.
um on uh the stablecoin one earlier
today. So you can see here these are the
top performing bots. So the only ones
that are doing well the XRP squeeze and
the stable coin.
Everything else has lost money. So my
point here is what's important is you
let these things run in a test
environment with real market data and
then you let them run a day or two and
just see if they end up being profitable
or not over that time period and you
look for these kind of metrics. So once
you start seeing that these metrics
profitable, there's no reason not to
deploy them into the live market once
you're comfortable with what you're
seeing. Okay. So what I can do now is I
can go through each individual
um bot. So here is the first one I
mentioned about the stable coin. Um so
you can see here it's done uh in this
case $620
win ratio of 75% total trades at 12 and
since last uh since today. Okay so this
is a very very good bot. This will only
work if your country lets you have
access to perpetual stable coin uh
markets for both uh USDC and uh USDT
which is Tether. So, I'm not going to go
into the details of it because I said I
have a coding breakdown on it already.
Um, but you see the metrics here are
quite quite detailed. Gives you a
trading log as well. Um, and this is
real data. So, this has done very very
good one day. Okay. So, it's using a box
spread. Um, and then a reversal as well.
So, from what the coding breakdown said,
it's not very dependent on uh the crypto
market itself. the condition of let's
say the direction of uh Bitcoin or
Ethereum. It's all independent, which is
kind of what you want. So, I'm pretty
pretty happy about it. Um, but you can
see here with the charting uh and what
I'm able to do uh is pretty pretty
impressive. So, uh let me just see here
if I can show you if you wanted to take
a trial and get access to this. Let's go
to the to the group section. uh do a
trial for the Quan Analytics and uh I
could do this all the time, but I'm just
showing you the process. Now, one last
step before I go live, be able to um
take this. Um so, here's the coding
breakdown on this on the blog. Most
profitable, lucrative, stable coin, RBOT
posted. Okay. Um that's the code. Sorry.
Um let me just show you the uh groups
here. So, come into the groups. Look for
uh Quant Finance group here.
And um
yeah,
right here is the uh set of reports I'm
talking about, right? This this thing
right here. Um so you can get that. You
can get the trial again at my homepage
and just go to the trial right here.
Okay. Get access to it. Seven days.
Anyways, um let's get back to this. This
is very very exciting stuff. So um
that's the stable coin. uh arbitrage bot
that's done pretty good. Um let me show
you the other one
or the XRP which I really surprised me
that that would be the most profitable.
Um so this is the
XRP short squeeze. Um here you could see
uh the different um metrics
runs on uh CME.
I believe this is running on the MXRP
uh MXRP which is a new symbol for C CME.
Um look at that profit. Okay, 13,000 win
ratio of 50%. So this was launched last
night. This this has done absolutely
incredible. Best trade at 56% return.
Worst trade at 16% which is pretty good.
Um look at the riskreward one to 3.45.
That's strong. That's out of six trades.
Um,
so here's some of the uh trades from the
last couple hours or 12 hours. Uh, so we
have buy sell by sell. Okay, here's the
profit. I don't know what it starts
with. So here's the total capital initi
uh invested $48,000. So not even in a
full 24h hour period, we got a $17,000
return. Okay, so this is all virtual as
I said, but it's using real world market
data. This is the important thing here.
Anything over two for a profit factor is
very good. Here we're at four and a half
sharp ratio, which is pretty good at
2.8, but that's estimated because it's
not enough trading, but that's still
pretty good with an ROI return on
investment 28%. In less than one hour in
one day. Okay. And again this is totally
um dependent not dependent on direction
but um this was a very very good bot. So
the entry is when the short interest is
greater than two standard volume two
times exit at uh 25% trailing stop stop
loss and then there's your position
sizing as well at 50%.
So you can see this analysis pretty
good. All again all generated by AI. Low
win ratio two trades max monthly trades
limit blah blah blah. Um
okay. So we'll leave that. That's pretty
pretty good. So those are the two most
pro popular or profitable strategies.
Okay. So let's start looking at the
other ones that you would have thought
was profitable. So, um, let's check out
this one, which is the Bitcoin. And
there's two types that were run. These
were running for the full two days.
Okay. So, um, there was an ATR one and a
breakout one. Okay. ATR trend.
Um, so it lost money. Okay. Two trades.
Not a lot to go on. But these type of
stret
this these type of strategies don't give
me a lot of confidence from the get-go
compared to what I've shown before with
the other two. Um so you can see here um
it's losing money and that's on each
position there. So I probably wouldn't
move ahead with this particular strategy
either one on the ETR or the breakout.
Um there's something here that must be
paid attention to. So configure trading
session between 5 and 4. Uh CME futures
trading hours. Log times are in local
time discrepancy between the local and
the server time on at the CME which is
in uh Chicago in Illinois.
So uh you can see here it goes through
all the different breakdown and again I
have that available as I've hinted at.
So let's go on to the next uh one. Now,
this one I'm going to show you just out
of time. I believe uh well,
I think it's Yeah, this it' be this one.
I think it's this one. This will tell
you um the overall which style of
strategies is most profitable.
So, in here um you can see here uh I
don't know
uh which one this is. So you can see
here the XRP
and the uh stable coin strategy has done
really well. This is from earlier today
the analysis.
Okay. Um I think it was either yesterday
or today. Um anyways so the cryptos
futures so the BTC these are projected
now. Okay. So what I'm showing you is
been running for a couple of days
against real data. Okay. So some of the
one I'm showing you here is all
projected. Okay. So this will go through
Ethereum futures. Uh we'll look at we
just looked at the XRP. Uh the USDC
stable coin we looked at. Um here's the
different strategies. So even though
crypto's um doing not great as an asset
class, there are pockets of strategies
in terms of trading opportunities. Okay?
So they exist. So we we've we've tried
to run a Brent that's losing money. And
again, what I'm showing you is
projected. So again, this is gold losing
money on that one, too. Copper losing
money. Okay, gasoline. I don't think I
ran that. Um and then again, you can see
how detailed this goes. I don't think I
ran any of the um Forex ones. So this
one is a short on the usual USD uh
Japanese yen eurous USD
um Australian a uh Australian USD
um so we have some of those and these
are again projected so I can run and and
I do project on bond and treasury as
well um again
not the greatest okay that I've seen and
then we have different ones involving
VIX which I have and there there's just
multip strategies that AI can pick out
and now I have the capability to run and
see how it does against each other
before I launch it live into the
markets. So, um let's check out a couple
other ones here.
So, uh
I think it's this one I just Okay.
Yeah, I just showed you that.
Okay. Um, let's see here. This might be
this one here.
Okay, I think it's this one. Okay, so
this is a hodge to to get the AI to run
these this this is going through 500k of
data logs plus the trading logs for each
bot. So to to to to get the reports to
be generated are quite challenging. Uh,
moving forward, it's going to be a lot
easier because I'll have fewer bots. um
uh to to to be looked at. So these are
the different types of bots again in
this particular report. So the gold
silver seem to be profitable. Okay,
that's what this is telling me. Um
now
okay, that's not the best one either.
Let's uh Okay. Um I showed you the BTC.
I've shown you the XRP. Let's take a
look at Ethereum here.
So this is Ethereum purely. This is um a
uh staking premium. Okay. Now was this
profitable or not is the question. Uh
this one's quite detailed.
Um
so you can see here win ratio of 66%
but still overall it's still lost. Okay.
So only three. These are very early day
um
early day tests. I guess you could say
like one or two days is not enough. But
if you want to see what's profitable as
you test, this one looks good at at a
win ratio of 66%. I may consider that
one to run live. So this was only
running 18 hours.
Okay. And here's the typical whole time
and all those three positions.
800 uh events meaning different type of
but data uh came in if it was streaming
whatnot. Um so this is an interesting
one that the Ethereum particular for
this one is profitable um quite
interesting. Okay. So, close that one
out. And again, you're comparing against
things like ETF flow
stake staking using uh another metric of
the E and Bitcoin uh ratio, Ethereum
price, support versus support, blah blah
blah blah blah. Again, this is all 100%
generated by yeah, every single thing
I'm showing you here. Um, okay. So, we
have that. Let's take a look at the um
uh this one
oil trading. This is this is another one
of interest. So this one totally lost
money. Okay, you can see that that lost
win ratio. Didn't only one position
absolutely I wouldn't move forward with
this but full analysis is there. If you
get access to it, you can check it out.
Um let me see if there is the one report
I wanted to show.
Uh, let me see here.
Uh,
I think it must have been that one.
Yeah, let's hope it's this one. Okay,
this is what I want to show. So, here's
a little more in depth, I believe. Yeah,
it is. Okay, so this report looked at
multiple um multiple bots. So we have
here the gold future. We have a a
high-grade gold strategy. We have a mini
gold f uh futures one as well. Okay. So
these are the order execution.
Um and and it tries to explain why no
orders were placed which is kind of
cool. There's not enough data. The the
strategy may be overly complicated. So
we can do that. But what I want to show
you here. So we have a VWAP, support
resistance, paired trading, trend
following, mean reverting and momentum.
So these are what I wanted to show
initially of the types of strategies. So
the number one profitable one is
momentum breakout and then the mean
reversion as well. So let's go through
that roughly. So you can see here these
are the standard metrics from a
portfolio management perspective among
all these bots that have been tested.
the momentum breakout was the highest.
So, it had a 1 to 2.5 uh re riskreward
plus a very good win ratio of 65. But
meanwhile, you can see here this one at
70% for trend following
uh with the risk reward at 1 point uh
1:3.
Um
but uh actually it's it's kind of odd
because anyways I don't think this is in
order but you can see momentum breakout
trend following uh done quite well.
Let's check it out. There's there's
charts here for that. Okay.
So you can see here which are the most
profitable. Okay. Uh these are the
returns. Okay. So you can see here trend
following is the number one out there
for that momentum based and the hard
part now is what's been happening
specifically in the stock market the
markets have not been consistently
profitable for the last little while
like couple of weeks or even a couple of
months. So if they were which they have
been for let's say 15 years that's why
people have built well quite quickly
because of the simple trend following of
those asset classes of the market
indices but also we have the momentum
base but the key here is to look at
which ones are doing well comparatively
the VWAP and mean reversion as well.
Okay. And again, strategy analysis
report risk-to-reward ratio consistency
still here with a trend following and
momentum are best followed by um VWAP as
well. Okay. So, if we look at the
overall portfolio metrics and now put
your portfolio manager hat on
um these are if you ran everything
together, you would be hypothetically up
240%.
Um let me just make sure I think this is
for all. Yeah. So this is for if I'm not
mistaken here. So you can see here for
momentum
breakout. Okay. So this is what you
would have returned estimated based upon
the these data tests. So we would be up
annualized at 15% and the volatility is
super low. Okay. The rat sharp ratio is
not too bad. Certino's pretty good there
and that is pretty spectacular. Negative
point 2.1 max draw down over that time
period. Meanwhile, we're still estimated
to get 12% volatility which is very low
um and an annualized return of that. So
again, this is pretty strong for
momentum breakout. And then we get into
the trend following. I mean this is kind
of early day testing so it's not
foolproof but it just kind of gives you
an early
hint of what to focus on um but using
real data and again you can see the the
the volatile is a little lower again uh
annualized return 200% which is pretty
good actually uh sharp ratio 1.68 68
um win ratio which is very strong at win
uh 70% win ratio which is very good.
Okay. and then mean reversion which
you'd think would do well but if things
got really bad were all you had were
mean reverting regimes
what we would get here uh 120 with a
hypothetical sorry a return at 78% I'll
take it but not as strong the volatility
is still comparable but you can see here
that the sharp ratio is not as strong at
0.95
max draw down still fairly So, okay. And
then again, when you start to break down
things, um, these are your top three
types of strategies. I show this because
I think it's important to understand
when you when you hear certain types of
strategies, those are the ones that will
do generally well,
okay? But of course, there's the
exception with I've shown with the XRP
and the stable coin strategies, which
show very early signs of good profit.
That doesn't mean they'll be forever.
Um, but in this condition right now,
those are definitely the ones I'd kind
of go with with the Ethereum as well.
And this is outside of uh gold, as I
said, copper
uh oil as well.
And you might be asking, why aren't you
not seeing the um market indices?
Because they're not performing all that
great right now. I mean, they're they're
very low swings. It's kind of flat. Um,
you can see here that we have uh gold
futures
only 3%
mini gold at 0.9. You would think that
why would the mini gold contract be
lower than the gold contract. Okay, I
can't explain that. Um, but then when
you look at the full uh copper, boom,
1.8. Not bad. All right. So again, we
can see here based upon the trend style.
Okay. Now again, these are early early
days. It's not foolproof, but just kind
of gives you an idea of what's looking
good. So the trend based or trend
following at 2.7
um average return not bad. Momentum base
at 2.1 as well. And the risk is fairly
low or medium. And here you're getting
poultry
type of um returns with a high high risk
and a medium high risk on the mean
reverting and statistical. So if you
only focus only on these type of
strategies,
um chances are you have a much higher
probability of getting profit. Okay? And
and we have to admit the market
conditions we have right now are pretty
tough.
Um and here here we go again. uh gold,
copper.
Okay. Uh
but if you compare this against the
crypto, oddly enough, the crypto with
the right strategy conditions
uh can do really well. Uh which is kind
of surprising for me um as well. And we
have the VWAP analysis, the volatility,
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah. Um yeah, so that's pretty well it.
Um
I have to say that this is quite an
interesting um quite an interesting
analysis. So as I said if you want to
get access to this stuff take the trial
quantet.com
just click on the try button there as I
said you should be able to find it in
the in the group section
um as I showed earlier and uh yeah there
the code is getting posted uh but that's
in my lead. Now the other thing when it
comes to this um I have talked about
this before
um you can
mimic what you're seeing here with this
at this price which is disgustingly
cheap. um it will go up fast as we go
live, we prove profit and more
importantly if we are able to uh
generate alpha from it consistently for
a couple of months then I can guarantee
we will be able to substantiate
our claim on analysis because I don't
think anyone's doing this type of
analysis looking at real world data and
analyzing using AI and then going full
transparency on it um especially in a
tough market as regarding this. This is
uh basically if you seen the video with
interactive brokers, you don't have to
have interactive brokers. You can just
use the demo mode paper trading uh with
Jthon. Um and you can use this
um quite easily to start your journey.
Every time somebody asks me where do I
begin, this is where I point them. Um,
but uh this will definitely go up at
hftcode.com.
Other than that, thanks for watching.
Have yourselves a good day.